LO1: The student plans and executes a project in their track at level 2 of the HBO-i framework regarding autonomy and complexity, in an agile way.

LO1 in my own words: 
This semester I want to take an active part in a group project regarding project 4 embedded systems. For this project we are creating a gateway system for a parking garage. This project will be done mostly individually/with my group, while still having some guidance of the teachers. By making use of different tools like Github, Whatsapp and Teams we will easily be able to communicate with one another aswell as work on the project at the same time. I will also do a lot of individual work this project by coding from home/taking our components home and working from there. Each week we will start by having a quick scrum meeting, explaining what we have done last week and what we are going to do this week. I will be working on my analyzing and problem-solving skills, as well as improving the way I work with others. This will be done by designing our system and researching the components we might need.


LO2: The student demonstrates professional skills at level 2 in the focus areas: future-oriented organization, investigative ability, personal leadership, and targeted interaction.

LO2 in my own words: 
This project I will be working on my communication with group member and teachers, as well as show that I am professional with the work that I do. The main focus of these professional skills are aimed towards the following four catagories: future-oriented organization, investigative ability, personal leadership, and targeted interaction. 
Future-oriented organization means that I should be adaptable and that I should be able to think ahead into the future. This will be shown by researching the components we need for this project. We need to think ahead of time which components we want to use for the project and which ones are adaptable with one another. I will show my adaptability by working with components and resources I have never worked with before.
My investigative ability will also be shown when ordering the component and also while designing our gate system. While designing and creating the system we will undoubtedly run into many issues, to which I want to adapt in such a way so that I can overcome them. Adapting to these problems will be done by researching these issue and discussing them with my other group member and teachers if necessary.
By setting goals each week and discussing these goals with my group member I will work on my personal leadership. By setting goals for myself I will keep myself and my professionalism in check, aswell as give me a clear overview on how much I have done each week.
Lastly I will also be working on my targeted interaction (communication with the stakeholders/teachers). This will mostly be done in person by talking to the teachers directly, but this also includes emails and messages. Each week we will have a short meeting with the teachers and other teams to discuss what we have done last week, and what we are planning on doing the current week. With this communication it will be easier to check how we are doing compared to other teams, aswell as ask any question we might have.

My Plan: 
Week 4-6: Initial Personal Development Plan (PDP) – v1, Looking for the components we might need, researching possible motors, sensors, devboards, etc, making and practicing pitches
Personal goals: I worked on my analyzing skills and my investigative ability by researching the components we need. By researching the specific components these skills improved a lot. I now have a better understanding on where to look on the internet, and how to find the answer to certain questions I might have. These weeks as well as every other week I also worked on my targeted interaction by having meetings with the teachers every week (I will not be mentioning this at every week).

Week 7: Making the project charter, giving project pitches
Personal goals: This week I worked on my personal leadership by setting multiple goals regarding the charter and the project pitches. These goals include how much work I would get done for the week, and also how our group should work on the project charter.



Week 8 & 9 (Project week): Intermediate PDP v2, Working out project details, Components, Gathering additional project necessities, getting the esp board + cabel, figure out dimensions of the parking lot

Personal goals: These weeks I worked a lot on my future-oriented organization. I thought ahead of how I wanted the system to look in the end, what items we might need to reach my desired system and discussed my ideas with my group member. I also set multiple goals for myself these project weeks to work on my personal leadership. These goals included how much I wanted to get done these project weeks, working on my communication with the group and improving my analyzing abilities.


Week 10: Coding with esp board, Printing/making parking lot parts, PDP individual meetings
Personal goals: 

Week 11 (Holiday): -
Personal goals: -

Week 12: Coding with esp board, Printing/making parking lot parts
Personal goals: 

Week 13: Finding cars we can use, painting the base plate
Personal goals: 

Week 14: Fixing problems with motors, researching how to set C programs up in multiple files, 3d printing the barriers
Personal goals: 


Week 15, 16 & 17: Coding with and ordering new motion detectors, figuring out the layout and design of the system, 3d printing the poles for LEDs and 3d printing the case for the motors, coding with the LEDs and button, finalizing the code for the sensors, motors and LEDs, Working on the code for the button, retrieving the 3d printed objects and removing them from their braces
Personal goals: 

Week 18: Putting everything together and making sure the final product works

Personal goals: 






